Adds `REAMDE.md` template for all new packages (#1)
pulsar-cooperative/.github: package-template/README.md

This folder contains details about the template that should be used for each newly forked Pulsar Package repository.

The files in this folder should be used as a loose to strict structure of new files to add to any given repo, with these files intending to accomplish the following:

* Give proper attribution to the original maintainer of the forked package
* Specify the level of support, and the expected method of interaction with the repository

> * The GitHub Actions to add to the forked repo to ensure a hands off approach is possible.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* The GitHub Action workflows to add to the forked repo to ensure a hands off approach is possible.
```

> With our goals stated, lets get to it, with the first template provided being below:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
With our goals stated, let's get to it, with the first template provided being below:
```

---

> <!-- Pulsar Cooperative Package Repository Template -->

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<!-- Pulsar Cooperative Package Repository Template, place at the top of the orignal README -->
```

> <!-- Pulsar Cooperative Package Repository Template, place at the top of the orignal README -->

Reviewer 2: Just having a think about this. Do we want it added to the top of the Readme like this? This position of the readme should really be showing off the package itself. Not to discredit the original author but I think maybe this could be reduced to a hyperlink to an org document? This section is rather wordy to have at the top of a readme file.

![image](https://github.com/pulsar-cooperative/.github/assets/58074586/d620ddf8-3e15-411e-b02b-7d2e3fc2651e)

Maybe this should be a little more... freeform? As in it can be placed below a sensible header section, in the case of x-terminal-reloaded pictured it could be after the "hero" image? I also think we could maybe remove the part about "maintenance of this package" and the "signoff" line to keep this as lean as possible?

Author: Hmm. I honestly thought this was helpful within the readme itself to give it the best chance of being read, since in it, it gives credit to the author and sets expectations about the level of support.

If you feel a link does this just as well, I'm all for it, I just worry a link would be rather easy to miss completely by someone that doesn't understand how this works on this org

Author: @Daeraxa Now seeing your updated comment. I think you are right. It's too wordy. While I still feel like a link is easy to miss, that might be the best way to be unobtrusive about it

Reviewer 2: What do we think about something like this?
![image](https://github.com/pulsar-cooperative/.github/assets/58074586/6c75249c-38d6-424c-b23e-4f30c4559831)
This is using the GitHub specific "Alerts" box which almost certainly won't work in the PPR or in Pulsar but I guess it could be done in HTML?

I think we could then use the additional words for something like the issue templates and the main documentation.

Author: You know, I think this is the right answer. And I'd be more than happy to add support for these alert boxes to the website, as it does use DFM anyway, might as well make sure it can support everything.

Great idea

Reviewer 2: Well technically those aren't part of GFM (yeah I don't get it either) they are just extensions that GitHub uses for rendering Markdown (see: [docs](https://docs.github.com/en/get-started/writing-on-github/getting-started-with-writing-and-formatting-on-github/basic-writing-and-formatting-syntax#alerts)). The issue is we would also need to be able to support that same style within Pulsar itself and not just in PPR.

Author: I soon realized this after the fact when I started looking up alerts (Since admittedly I wasn't familiar with them at all).

But yeah you are right, it's some extension on top of GFM, which makes sense, not really?

Anyways, I was thinking I could put together a `markdown-it` plugin to add support for these alerts, which means we simply use that plugin on PPR, and if memory serves `settings-view` is using `markdown-it` for displaying readmes? I know `settings-view` then goes on to use `marked` for the settings descriptions and such, but we should be good to go there

EDIT:

I stand corrected, the Readmes in `settings-view` are actually using `marked` so it would become rather difficult to add support across such different systems.

Maybe we could take this as a chance to migrate away from one or the other? I realize this is now a totally different discussion, but moving from `marked` is something I've wanted to do, so might take the chance.

But all's that to say, is the readme may be supported on the website prior to within Pulsar itself, but there likely are ways to get these things synced up

Reviewer 2: I can totally live with that lol. Markdown *is* meant to be readable in plain text too so it isn't like it becomes invisible or incomprehensible by not being rendered, just untidy.

Edit: huh... https://github.com/atom/markdown-preview/issues/248

Author: Well I'm glad to see this may have given me my next Pulsar related project lol

Author: @Daeraxa now that the side quest for fixing the markdown handling within Pulsar is over, I've gone ahead and modified the template readme as suggested.

Let me know what you think

> # Pulsar Cooperative

Reviewer 2: Should this be `Pulsar Cooperative` or just `<Package Name Here>`?.

Author: Hmm. I'd say `Pulsar Cooperative`, since the name of the package will likely already be present in the readme as a header, meanwhile this section is detailing the org itself, then can quickly move on to the actual package content.

Reviewer 2: It seems a bit odd to me to have an `h1` as something that isn't the name of the package is all. Not sure how all the various markdown renderers play ball but some dont like having multiple `h1`s.

Author: I went with your suggestion of using the `NOTE` item, and removing the extra `h1` so we should be good here

This package was originally created by <ORIGINAL_AUTHORS_NAME> and has now been forked under the [`pulsar-cooperative`](https://github.com/pulsar-cooperative) organization.

> By forking this package we hope to allow new maintainers to work on this package as needed, not being limited by it's previous [archival/unmaintained] status. Ensuring this package stays up to date, and functional for as long as possible.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By forking this package we hope to allow new maintainers to work on this package as needed, without being limited by it's previous [archival/unmaintained] status, and without forking it to their own account and the huge responsibility that is implied by doing so, helping to ensure this package stays up to date and functional for as long as possible.
```

> By forking this package we hope to allow new maintainers to work on this package as needed, without being limited by it's previous [archival/unmaintained] status, and without forking it to their own account and the huge responsibility that is implied by doing so, helping to ensure this package stays up to date and functional for as long as possible.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
By forking this package we hope to allow new maintainers to work on this package as needed, without being limited by its previous [archived/unmaintained] status, helping to ensure this package stays up to date and functional for as long as possible without the huge responsibility implied by forking and maintaining this under a personal account.
```

> Maintenance of this package is, as the name suggests, a cooperative. With little oversight or assistance of the core Pulsar team. This means any issues filed should be answered and resolved by fellow members of the community, but more details are available on the [`pulsar-cooperative` Contributing Guide](https://github.com/pulsar-cooperative/.github/blob/main/CONTRIBUTING.md).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Maintenance of this package is, as the name suggests, a cooperative, with little oversight or assistance from the core Pulsar team. This means any issues filed should be answered and resolved by fellow members of the community, but more details are available on the [`pulsar-cooperative` Contributing Guide](https://github.com/pulsar-cooperative/.github/blob/main/CONTRIBUTING.md).
```

> Maintenance of this package is, as the name suggests, a cooperative, with little oversight or assistance from the core Pulsar team. This means any issues filed should be answered and resolved by fellow members of the community, but more details are available on the [`pulsar-cooperative` Contributing Guide](https://github.com/pulsar-cooperative/.github/blob/main/CONTRIBUTING.md).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Maintenance of this package is, as the name suggests, cooperative, with little oversight or assistance from the core Pulsar team. This means any issues filed should be answered and resolved by fellow members of the community. More details are available on the [`pulsar-cooperative` Contributing Guide](https://github.com/pulsar-cooperative/.github/blob/main/CONTRIBUTING.md).
```
